[Music]
to witness this celebration is wonderful
its sheer elephant joy
excitement right there yeah they
couldn't have known that this baby was
born and they've just realized that
they've got a new member to the hand
this is about the most exciting thing
that can happen actually this is the
most exciting thing
[Music]
everyone's just crowding around Weaver's
in there somewhere she looks like a
giant in comparison to this it's baby
the haired are clearly moved secretions
from their temples show their emotion
it's almost as if they want us to be
part of this celebration they've all
come up all these big females baby
closer to us
[Applause]
[Music]
and it's not just the hair to are
thrilled by the new arrival I've been
very proud it's like getting more
business almost impossible to take my
eyes off this baby he's in every single
way tip of its trunk to the end of its
tail from its tiny toenails to this
little fuzzy back it's just adorable
[Music]
seems like this hair has got a new
little princess be very interested to
find out how Weaver responds
[Music]
mothers and calves from at least three
different families for gathering to meet
salmon
[Music]
just--how the news of the birth traveled
so far and how only the mums with their
cars know where to come is unknown
[Music]
but just as the BG's family seemed to
welcome Parkin sama the bays other mums
seem to want to do the same it's Sam
who's first chance to meet other baby
cars but young females also for drawn to
the gathering fascinated by newborns
these one of the mums often try to lure
them away to play
with so many dolphins all milling
together it's a challenge for park to
keep track of salmon
he is extremely sensitive to motion it's
how he knows how to follow his mum until
he's learned her cool there's a risk
Sammy will chase any fast-moving dolphin
that comes close for mischievous young
female deliberately rushes past sama
knowing the newborn will instinctively
follow
she's trying to take salmon puck is
having none of it
it's the only time female dolphins ever
show aggression towards each other
rushing past sama is the only way puck
can retrieve him
[Music]
the young female meant no harm to 7 but
puck isn't taking any more chances and
leads him away to safety
pandas almost always abandon one cub
it's thought that they don't have
sufficient milk or energy to care for
two but the team at Chengdu have hit
upon a cunning plan
[Music]
by removing one cup at birth and then
switching throughout the day and night
keepers are able to encourage panda
mothers to feed both siblings while
being under the impression that they
have only one Lele is distracted with a
bowl of honey water but is reluctant to
give up her cub
during this successfully requires
enormous patience from the keeper and
great trust from the Panda
one twin is taken to the incubator where
it will have a top-up of formula milk
and switched for the other which will
now get his shares of his mother's milk
the keeper will swap the twins up to ten
times a day and Lili will almost always
have one cup with her
[Music]
the Cubs are a bit nervous being out on
the creek and they know they have to
stick close to her wherever she goes
while there are still lots of salmon
around the mother bear can be selective
with what she eats she takes a bite of
this salmon and then drops it as she can
probably tell from the taste it's a male
Bears need to target the richest most
nutritious food source what she really
wants to find our female salmon and
she'll go out of her way to catch one
[Applause]
female salmon are loaded with thousands
of brightly colored nutrient-rich eggs
this is the best part of the salmon high
in calories and fat and she doesn't want
to leave any behind
the Cubs though still need to learn
which are the best parts to eat
though the cups are still nursing they
need these protein-rich salmon as much
as their mom does the whole family has
to put on as much weight as possible
before winter hibernation the mother
bear is always alert the potential
dangers to our Cubs surprisingly it's
another ghost bear this one looks like a
large male
[Music]
the Cubs know that when another bear is
around they have to get out of there
they retreat to the safety of the trees
[Music]
the mother bears much smaller than him
but she's still going right after him
[Music]
I'm not sure that's such a good idea he
could certainly do some damage to her
and he doesn't seem much deterred by her
approach
that's a risky move on her part anytime
two bears physically interact like that
there's a good chance one of them could
be hurt they're very powerful animals I
don't know her character well enough yet
to decide if she's foolhardy or brave
only time will tell but her Cubs knew
what to do in this situation they knew
that their best defense was to get up as
high into a tree as quickly as possible
this is exactly what lionesses do when
they've got tiddlers I will put money on
the fact that in those bushes she's got
a little surprise for us they're just
gonna keep back keep back keep back see
what's going on that's it she's going in
I could see just ducked in the bushes I
can't see anything else maybe she's just
resting Oh
[Music]
right in the cover deep deep deep deep
deep in there
[Music]
they are tiny
that is gorgeous got to time cups they
are no more than a week old ears are
still folded almost flat they're blind
very wobbly that can hardly walk on
all the time mouths are Avram they're
just gorgeous the Cubs have tiny spots
like a leopard they'll fade as the Cubs
get older but they're great camouflage
for the moment
ah they are exquisite
[Music]
well here we are in the season of
renewal and she Tippie as I now referred
to her has got her own young family
[Music]
[Applause]